# US 109 - Database Integrity Restrictions

## 1. Requirements Engineering


### 1.1. User Story Description


As Project Manager, I want the team to draft an SQL script to test whether the database verifies all the data integrity restrictions that are required to fulfil the purpose of the system and the business constraints of the UoD.

### 1.2. Acceptance Criteria


* **AC1:** There is a catalogue of data integrity restrictions grouped by type (Domain, Identity, Referential, Application) clearly stated.
* **AC2:** For each data integrity restriction in the catalogue there is a set of SQL instructions that verify the restriction.
* **AC3:** All SQL instruction in the data integrity verification script are accompanied by a comment that describes the expected result (Pass or Fail; in the latter a justification is given).

### 1.3. Found out Dependencies


* There is a dependency to "US108: develop the data model" since first the database must be created.

## 2. Database Integrity Restrictions

### 2.1 Domain

Domain integrity is guaranteed by the types of data used.

### 2.2 Identity

Identity integrity is guaranteed by the Relational Model through Primary Keys.

### 2.3 Referential

Referential integrity is guaranteed by the Relational Model through Foreign Keys.

### 2.4 Application

Application Integrity is guaranteed by programming and constraints.

Constraint examples:

insert into Container(id_container, tare) values('abcdefghijk', -100);  
Fails because the tare can not be negative.

insert into Container(id_container, max_weight_incl_container, max_weight) values('abcdefghijk', 100, 400);  
Fails because the max weight including the container must be greater than the max weight excluding it.

insert into Ship(imo_code, mmsi_code) values('IMO9395044', 34796154);  
insert into Ship(imo_code, mmsi_code) values('IMO9395044', 3479615428);  
Both fail because the MMSI code must be 9 digits long.
